even whites Laura who's making carts is
some calm and it's time for another
service Emily current video in today's
video I'm going to be using the stamp
your own succulents and the stamp your
own cactus stamp sets from hero arts and
first I'm going to be stamping quite a
few of these images from both Sam sets
using memento tuxedo black ink as you
will notice I'm going to stamp quite a
few images but I won't be using these on
my cards I'm just going to use a couple
of them so I'm going to use the other
ones on some future projects that I will
be posting very soon on my blog so now
I'm doing some Copic coloring first I'm
adding a base of why g-20 tree and then
I'm adding my first layer of shading
using Y g17 just using the lines of that
image as a guide for my shadows then I'm
blending that colors or those two colors
together using the lightest color again
and then I'm going to add the darkest
color which is why G 67 just to add some
more shading and then finally I'm
blending it all together using yg 23
again I'm also using that to highlight
some of the areas on the cactus so I'm
going to be coloring these flowers now
I'm using our vo as a base and then I'm
using our vo - for the outsides of the
of those flowers next I am using our vo
6 for the insides of those flowers so
I'm just adding one layer of that and
then I'm going to add some shading using
our V o.9 and I'm not blending that
together this time because otherwise you
won't believe see the difference between
those two colors so now I'm going to
color that soil of the cactus first I'm
using a 50 tree now I'm adding some
shading using a 55 and then finally I am
adding some more shading using a 57 and
I didn't lend that together at all so I
am going
to be stamping on these little rocks
inside my plunger I'm going to be
stamping some hot pink ones using me and
pink ink from hero arts as well and now
we're going to color that planter I am
using an end to Copic marker first just
to add my first base of color and then I
am adding my shading using and form just
going around the edges of that planter
so again I'm using those as a guide for
my for my shadows and then finally
I am lending it all together using an
end to marker again
so I'm just blending it all together and
I'm going to fussy cut all of these
images using my ek success color beat
scissors really love these scissors to
cut out small images like these and as I
mentioned before I won't be using all of
these images just a few on this card's
going to adhere the planter on to a
Neenah white card using my ATG by scotch
and I use my scissors for a while as a
guide just so I can see what I need to
adhere it there we go and then I'm going
to stamp a greeting from the stamp your
own cactus stamp set from hero arts
going to use mentor tuxedo backing for
that I'm just stamping it next to the
planter and then I'm going to adhere the
cactus using tombow mono multi medium
glue no not multi medium just tombow
mono multi glue not sure when it's
called again anyway so I'm going to
adhere those flowers using teeny-tiny
foam squares that I cut outs and I'm
grabbing some patterned paper from the
serendipity 6x6 paper pad from do lizzie
going to die cut a frame out of that
paper using the Catrin dice from William
Walter these are this is the new that
could set from them so I'm going to use
those two die cuts
these measure four inch by five inch so
I had to trim down my card a little bit
before adhering the frame so I'm just
going to run that or run those dice
through my Big Shot machine and then I
grabbed a piece of fun foam and it also
measures four inch by five inch and I
cut a hole in the middle so I can go
around that edge to create a really thin
frame so I can do that behind my
parameter so now I'm adding some
adhesive on the back of that frame so I
can adhere a piece of acetate this is
some acetate from lifestyle crafts also
measures four inch by five inch and now
I'm adding some adhesive behind the
frame I am using multi medium matte from
Ranger flying that's using my finger but
you could also use a paintbrush if you
would like to okay so here I am adhering
the fun foam frame behind the piece of
bearing paper some carefully lining that
up without spilling any adhesive on my
acetate and then Here I am just filling
up my shaker already I'm using some
sparkling clear sequins some pretty pink
posh along with some colored ones and
some seed beads I will link to all of
them in the supply list below and Here I
am I am adding another layer of multi
medium Matt's just adding it on the
other sides of the font foam and then I
can easily adhere it on to my cards and
then after it strikes you can start
shaking your sequins shaker so that
finishes on the card for this being
start a stem day video thank you so much
for watching